Total Anarchy! A Blog!

This app will allow you to login and post on a simple, user-unfriendly, blog. You can also comment on blog posts. It allows for self-doubt in that you can edit/delete posts and comments AND because it is so user-unfriendly, you can edit and delete any other user's posts!!!!! By using this app you can gauge how bad of a person you are and when people inevitably complain that you're an asshole, you can delete their hurtful comments and post using their name. Sweet huh? As an added bonus, unless you identify yourself in your post, no one will know it's you! Total anarchy!


Requires:
  Ruby version 2.2.1
  Active Record
  Postgres

To use:
  Clone this git repository
  Create a new database and run rake db:schema:load
  Start a rails server and go to localhost:3000

Or if it works you can try it at Heroku here:
  https://warm-taiga-9911.herokuapp.com/

Known bugs as of 3/26/15:
  Crappy design. Lack of test specs. Logging-in exists purely for shits and giggles.

Motivation:
  To practice writing a Ruby on Rails app with authentication and proper testing, then deploy to heroku.

License:
  Heather Anderson. MIT License. Copyright 2015. Created by Heather Anderson. Email: heather@thisisnotanorg.org.

Note to self: Well...you did it. You have made a working blog that is possibly the most poorly designed blog in history!! That's quite an accomplishment. However you didn't test a goddamn thing, at least not successfully, but time is an ever decreasing thing and you can't really rely on the clock. Personally you have overcome many obstacles this week: you learned how to use your new computer, you understand the basics of a ruby app, you know how to vaguely test things, and you talked to a lot of people about a lot of things. Now go and do something somewhat productive.
